operator bundle docs (#2598)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/user/olm-catalog/operator-bundles.md

> # Operator Bundles

Reviewer: IMO users which will bee looking for it will try to search for something such as: "How to build Operator Registry Bundles with/for SDK" So, WDYT about something such as:

```suggestion
# Registry Bundles for Operator SDK Operators
```

See: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/1905

> This document gives an overview of using `operator-sdk` to work with Operator [bundles][registry-bundle], namely on-disk bundle directories and creating bundle [images/metadata][registry-bundle-image].

Reviewer: WDYT about a more direct approach, such as:

```suggestion
# Building OLM Bundles with SDK

The `operator-sdk build` commands have the purpose to work with Operator [bundles][registry-bundle], namely on-disk bundle directories and creating bundle [images/metadata][registry-bundle-image]
```

Author: The `build` subcommand is unrelated to operator bundles.

> ## Commands

Reviewer: May :
```suggestion
## Usage
```

The following `operator-sdk` subcommands create or interact with Operator on-disk bundles and bundle images:

> * `generate csv`: creates a new or updates an existing CSV in a semantically versioned bundle directory, creates a package manifest if it does not exist, and optionally copies your CRDs to the versioned bundle directory. Read more about this command [here][sdk-generate-csv].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `generate csv`: creates a new or updates an existing CSV in a semantically versioned bundle directory. Also, note that it creates a `PackageManifest` if it does not exist, and optionally copies your CRDs to the versioned bundle directory. Read more about this command [here][sdk-generate-csv].
```

Author: "update" is closer to what `generate csv` does to on-disk files. The current version of this description doesn't go into depth about mechanics, just describes what is possible and provides a link to the full command docs. I'd prefer to keep the original description.

> * `bundle create`: creates an Operator bundle image from manifests on disk, or writes bundle image metadata to disk. This subcommand is effectively the same command as `opm alpha bundle build`. Output and underlying behavior between these commands is the same, except nothing will be written to disk if `--generate-only` is unset (the default). Refer to [`opm alpha bundle build` docs][registry-opm-build] for more information. There are a few CLI differences between these commands:

Reviewer: Do you need to add a reference to `opm alpha bundle build`? Is it still in the project? If not, could we not just drop it?
Also, if has the bundle to do the same way we are keeping these alpha ones? Should not they be removed? 

Reason: for users, it may Shows confuse. E.g Why have 2 commands to do the same? What means alpha? and etc... 
In this way, IHMO we should just doc the bundle commands. Also, if we replace the alpha commands by these ones then we should remove/deprecated the alpha ones.

Author: `opm` will continue to support these commands AFAIK. I'd rather not duplicate documentation to avoid drift. The corresponding commands in `operator-sdk` are not in alpha. The wording could use some work to indicate this.

> * `bundle create`: creates an Operator bundle image from manifests on disk, or writes bundle image metadata to disk. This subcommand has corresponding functionality to `opm alpha bundle build`, and is stable. Output and underlying behavior between these commands is the same, except nothing is written to disk unless `--generate-only` is set (unset by default). Refer to [`opm alpha bundle build` docs][registry-opm-build] for more information. CLI differences between these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `bundle create`: creates an Operator bundle image from manifests on disk, or writes bundle image metadata to disk. ` 
```

See the following suggestion to make clear the reason of this one.

Author: Given the tabular explanation of CLI differences, the discussion of how `bundle creates` relates to the equivalent `opm` command is necessary. The same goes for `bundle validate`.

>     * `opm alpha bundle build --default-channel=<channel-name>` equates to `operator-sdk bundle create --default=<channel-name>`.

Reviewer: If they are equals how command the user should use? Why we have both?

>     * `opm alpha bundle build --default-channel=<channel-name>` equates to `operator-sdk bundle create --default=<channel-name>`.

Reviewer: The opm commands are not part of SDK. Am I right? 
Could we clarify where they came from?

    * `opm alpha bundle generate` equates to `operator-sdk bundle create --generate-only`.
    * `opm alpha bundle build --tag <image-tag>` equates to `operator-sdk bundle create <image-tag>`.

>     * The `--overwrite` flag does not exist in `operator-sdk bundle create`.

Reviewer: Since we have here an OPM X SDK commands, IMO a table would make easier the understanding here.  Following my suggestion.

See the CLI differences between these commands:

|   SDK	|  OPM	|  
|---	|---	|
|  operator-sdk bundle create --default=<channel-name>	|   opm alpha bundle build --default-channel=<channel-name>	|
|   operator-sdk bundle create --generate-only	|   opm alpha bundle generate`	| 
|   `operator-sdk bundle create <image-tag>`	|   opm alpha bundle build --tag <image-tag>`	|   	

**NOTE: ** The `--overwrite` flag does not exist in `operator-sdk bundle create`.
